Exoskeleton provides the `Application` trait, akin to `App` in the Scala
Standard Library. In addition to a `main` method, the `Application` trait
defines a `complete` method, which should be implemented to return a sequence
of tab-completions based on the current state of the command-line, which is
passed in as an input parameter.

### Explanation

For a shell to offer tab-completions for a command to the user, it needs to
find definitions for the possible ways of completing the arguments to that
command. In general, this is done by searching a sequence of possible
locations for a file with a predictable name based on the command name (e.g.
for `cmd`, this file will be called `_cmd` or `cmd.fish`). These locations
are usually defined in an environment variable, containing at least some
default initial values, but potentially with additional paths added to it
during the shell startup script, e.g. `.bashrc` for `bash`.

The way a completion script works will be different for every shell, because
their tab-completion systems all work differently, but each shell typically
provides a command for specifying command completions which will be called
from the completion script. Completion scripts for most commands define a
static set of completions (which may be dependent on the state of the
command-line being completed).

Exoskeleton, however, defines very general completion scripts for each shell
it supports, which all run the command whose parameters are being completed
in “completion mode”, effectively calling the Exoskeleton application’s
`complete` method. The completion scripts receive a response from the
Exoskeleton application, in aformat that is specific to each shell, which is
transformed into calls to the completion command for that particular shell.

### Generation of completion scripts

Source files may be generated by running,
```shell
java -cp exoskeleton.jar exoskeleton.Generate <shell> <command> <dir>
```
where _shell_ is one of `bash`, `zsh` and `fish`, _command_ is the name of
the command that completions are being provided for, and _dir_ is the
directory in which the script should be written.
